.TH "LDMSD CONFIGURATION" 5 "2021-06-17" "1.0"
.SH NAME
ldmsd.conf – ldms configuration file

.SH SYNOPSIS
/etc/ldms/ldmsd.conf

.SH DESCRIPTION
This configuration file defines the behaviour of the ldms daemon.

.SH OPTIONS
Empty \fBDefault:\fR means no default value. List items are separated by space.

.B GENERAL OPTIONS
.TP
.B command =
.B Default:
.I echo \[dq]dead man\'s switch triggered\[dq]

Defines the command run upon triggering.
.TP
.B disarm_after =
.B Default:
.I true

Disarm ldms after a triggering event. This avoids spamming commands if the command doesn\'t shut down the system but only unmounts drives.
.TP
.B lock_path =
.B Default:
.I /var/lib/ldms/switch.lck

Path to lock. If the lock file exists ldms daemon is armed and the command will be executed.
.TP
.B modules =
.B Default:

List of modules.
.TP
.B logging =
.B Default:
.I true

Enables syslog.
.PP
.B USB EVENTS OPTIONS
.TP
.B ue_triggers =
.B Default:

Defines which events will trigger. The events are: add, bind, change, remove.
.TP
.B ue_whitelist =
.B Default:

List of bus ids that will be ignored. You can find usb devices bus ids using
.B lsusb
command.

.PP
.B LM SENSORS OPTIONS
.TP
.B sensors =
.B Default:
.I auto

List of sensor prefixes. You may manually define sensors used or
use auto-configuration mode which will use every sensor available.
You can find sensor prefixes using command \fBsensors -u\fR.

Example output of \fBsensors -u\fR where prefix is bolded.

.EX
.in +4n
k10temp-pci-00c3
Adapter: PCI adapter
Tctl:
  temp1_input: 35.250
Tdie:
  temp2_input: 35.250
Tccd1:
  temp3_input: 36.500
.in
.EE

.TP
.B temp_low =
.B Default:
.I 15

Will trigger if sensor\'s temperature is less or equal.
.TP
.B sensors_update_interval =
.B Default:
.I 500

Time to wait milliseconds after checking the temperature.
In other words, a 500 ms delay means the temperature is checked twice per second.

.PP
.B NETWORK OPTIONS
.TP
.B disallow_new_interfaces =
.B Default:
.I true

Trigger if new network interface is found.

.TP
.B network_interfaces =
.B Default:

List of network interfaces to monitor. For example, this list could have \fBeth0\fR.
If this option is not defined, every interface will be monitored by default.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ldms(1)
.BR ldmsd(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Noa-Emil Nissinen

.SH BUGS
https://gitlab.com/4shadoww/ldms
